src/markdown/blog/kratos-react.mdx, before:

---
path: '/login-spa-react-nextjs-authentication-example-api-open-source/'

title: |
  Add Authentication to your Next.js / React Single Page Application (SPA)

teaser: |
  Add login, registration, user and profile management to Next.js Single Page Applications
  in minutes using the ORY Kratos open source project. Includes code examples for TypeScript
  and Docker, and end-to-end tests!

seo:
  title: |
    Authentication for Next.js / React Single Page Applications
  description: |
    Add open source login to any Next.js and React single page app (SPA) using free open source.
  keywords: |
    login, auth, authentication, registration, reactjs, vercel, nextjs, react, spa, single page app, native desktop,
    open source, ory, ory kratos

publishedAt: '2021-11-08'
author: aeneasr

overline: |
  Next.js React Authentication
---

Add authentication and user management to your [Next.js](https://nextjs.org)
[React](https://reactjs.org) app using the new
[Next.js Edge Runtime](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-reference/edge-runtime) and
the [Ory Kratos open source project](https://github.com/ory/kratos)! This
example also contains end-to-end tests!

## Ory Kratos Open Source Identity Platform

[Ory Kratos](https://github.com/ory/kratos) is a full-featured, free, and open
source authentication and identity management platform. It supports multi-factor
authentication with
[FIDO2, TOTP, and OTP](https://www.ory.sh/kratos/docs/next/two-factor-authentication-2fa-mfa/);
[Social Sign In](https://www.ory.sh/kratos/docs/next/guides/sign-in-with-github-google-facebook-linkedin/),
[custom identity models](https://www.ory.sh/kratos/docs/next/concepts/identity-schema/);
registration, profile management, account recovery, administrative user
management and so much more! In contrast to other identity systems,
[Ory Kratos](https://github.com/ory/kratos) enables you to build your own
[login](https://github.com/ory/kratos-selfservice-ui-react-nextjs/blob/master/pages/login.tsx),
[registration](https://github.com/ory/kratos-selfservice-ui-react-nextjs/blob/master/pages/ui/registration.tsx),
[account settings](https://github.com/ory/kratos-selfservice-ui-react-nextjs/blob/master/pages/ui/settings.tsx),
[account verification](https://github.com/ory/kratos-selfservice-ui-react-nextjs/blob/master/pages/ui/verification.tsx)
(e.g. email, phone, activate account),
[account verification](https://github.com/ory/kratos-selfservice-ui-react-nextjs/blob/master/pages/ui/recovery.tsx)
(e.g. reset password) user interfaces and user flows using dead-simple APIs.
This guide focuses on integrating with Ory Kratos' session and login APIs. If
you are interested in building your own UI, check out
[Add Custom Login, Registration, User Settings to Your Next.js & React Single Page Application (SPA)](/nextjs-authentication-spa-custom-flows-open-source)

Before we start, let's get some terminology out of the way:

- At Ory, identity can mean any actor in a system (user, robot, service account,
  ...). The term `user` always refers to a human being sitting in front of a
  browser or mobile app.
- A session refers to a user's session in a browser or mobile app after they
  have authenticated.
- Self-Service refers to flows the user can do on their own - such as login,
  registration, and so on. It does not require administrative / support
  intervention.

## Next.js Authentication with Ory Kratos

If you want to see a live demo right away, check out
[this app in action](https://kratos-nextjs-react-example.vercel.app).

<video autoplay muted loop playsInline>
  <source
    src="/images/articles/auth-react-next-vercel/app.mp4"
    type="video/mp4"
  />
  <source
    src="/images/articles/auth-react-next-vercel/app.webm"
    type="video/webm"
  />
</video>

import CodeFromRemote from '../../components/freestanding/utils/codefromremote'

You can find the source code for this guide on
[GitHub](https://github.com/ory/kratos-nextjs-react-example). To give it a spin,
clone it and run the following commands:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/ory/kratos-nextjs-react-example.git
cd kratos-nextjs-react-example
npm i
```

Per default, this app uses the public playground deployment of Ory Kratos at
`https://playground.projects.oryapis.com`. To use it, simply run:

```
npm run dev
```

If you want to use your own Ory Kratos instance, you can use the `ORY_KATOS_URL`
or `ORY_SDK_URL` environment variable. The easiest way to run Ory Kratos is in
an [Ory Cloud Project](https://www.ory.sh/docs/start-building/create-project)
_(free for developers)_! In that case, set the `ORY_SDK_URL` to your
[project's SDK url](https://www.ory.sh/docs/concepts/services-api):

```
# If you run Ory Kratos in Ory Cloud:
export ORY_SDK_URL=https://my-project.projects.oryapis.com
```

You may also run Ory Kratos yourself. A quick way to get started is to run the
Ory Kratos Docker quickstart:

```shell
git clone --depth 1 --branch master https://github.com/ory/kratos.git
cd kratos
git checkout master
git pull -ff
docker-compose -f quickstart.yml -f contrib/quickstart/kratos/cloud/quickstart.yml up --build --force-recreate -d
```

In that case, set the `ORY_SDK_URL` to your local Ory Kratos instance:

```shell
# If you run Ory Kratos locally using the Docker quick start:
export ORY_KRATOS_URL=http://localhost:4455/

# Start the app
npm run dev
```

Next head over to [http://localhost:3000/](http://localhost:3000/) to see the
app in action with login, registration - a working user management!

## Create a Next.js Single Page App with Ory Kratos from Scratch

To add login / auth to your Next.js app, first create a new Next.js project

```shell
npx create-next-app@latest --typescript
```

and install the Ory Kratos SDK as well as Ory's NodeJS integration helpers

```shell
npm i --save @ory/integrations @ory/kratos-client
```

Then we will add Ory's Next.js Edge-Integration helpers to our project, which
will act as a tunnel to Ory Kratos. You can either conveniently copy this route
from our reference application

```shell
curl -o "pages/api/.ory/[...paths].ts" --create-dirs \
  https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ory/kratos-nextjs-react-example/master/pages/api/.ory/%5B...paths%5D.ts
```

or manually create a file called `pages/api/.ory/[...paths].js` in your NextJS
project and copy the following contents:

<CodeFromRemote
  lang="js"
  src="https://github.com/ory/kratos-nextjs-react-example/blob/master/pages/api/.ory/%5B...paths%5D.ts"
/>

### Add the Ory Kratos SDK to your Next.js App

Great, now you have a NextJS app with a login route. If the user is
authenticated we want to show the session. If the user is not signed in, we want
to offer a way to sign up or sign in! Let's take a look at the home page. First,
we need to add the Ory Kratos SDK to our Next.js app:

<CodeFromRemote
  lang="js"
  src="https://github.com/ory/kratos-nextjs-react-example/blob/666010a08f2839ad050624219e829eda075ef4ab/pages/index.tsx"
  startAt="from '@ory/kratos-client'"
  endAt={'const kratos = new '}
/>

Easy, right? The package `@ory/integrations` takes care of all the heavy lifting
for you and sets up the SDK so that it connects with the Next.js Edge function
we created in the step prior.

### React Hook to Find Out if a User is Authenticated

Next let's figure out if the user is authenticated. We will use a React Hook to
check this. We also want to track any errors that may happen as well as creating
a logout url.

<CodeFromRemote
  lang="js"
  src="https://github.com/ory/kratos-nextjs-react-example/blob/666010a08f2839ad050624219e829eda075ef4ab/pages/index.tsx"
  startAt="const Home: NextPage"
  endAt={'setSession(session)'}
/>

### Adding Login and Registration Links if the User is Not Authenticated

Let's also show the user a login and registration link if the user has no login
session yet

<CodeFromRemote
  lang="js"
  src="https://github.com/ory/kratos-nextjs-react-example/blob/235c1fa39511f60cdf9bb19201af55897138ec48/pages/index.tsx"
  startAt="const SignedOut = () => ("
  endAt={'</>'}
/>

or the account settings and logout link if the user is authenticated!

<CodeFromRemote
  lang="js"
  src="https://github.com/ory/kratos-nextjs-react-example/blob/235c1fa39511f60cdf9bb19201af55897138ec48/pages/index.tsx"
  startAt="        <p className={styles.description}>"
  endAt={'         ) : ('}
/>

As you can see, it is really easy to initialize login, registration, and profile
updates. Just create a link!

- `<a href="/api/.ory/self-service/login/browser">` will initialize the login
  flow.
- `<a href="/api/.ory/self-service/registration/browser">` will initialize the
  registration flow.
- `<a href="/api/.ory/self-service/settings/browser">` will initialize the
  account settings flow (needs login).
- `<a href="/api/.ory/self-service/verification/browser">` will initialize the
  (email, phone, ...) verification flow.
- `<a href="/api/.ory/self-service/recovery/browser">` will initialize the
  (password, 2fa, ...) recovery flow.

### Adding a Logout Link for Authenticated Users

To prevent certain types of attack vectors, such as Denial of Service, Ory
Kratos provides a secure logout mechanism. This involves first fetching a logout
URL from the Ory Kratos API and then redirecting the user to that URL if logout
is requested:

<CodeFromRemote
  lang="js"
  src="https://github.com/ory/kratos-nextjs-react-example/blob/666010a08f2839ad050624219e829eda075ef4ab/pages/index.tsx"
  startAt="        // Since we have a session"
  endAt={'          })'}
/>

If we do not bind the logout URL to the user's session, it means that anyone
could load e.g. an image with the logout URL and logout the user without user
interaction:

```html
<img src="https://www.example.org/my-vulnerable-logout-command" />
```

Ory Kratos protects you from these type of attacks with the flow shown above.

### Putting it all Together

You've made it! Clone the app and try it out right now!

```bash
git clone https://github.com/ory/kratos-nextjs-react-example.git
cd kratos-nextjs-react-example
npm i
```

Or look at the code we wrote above in full below:

<CodeFromRemote
  lang="js"
  src="https://github.com/ory/kratos-nextjs-react-example/blob/235c1fa39511f60cdf9bb19201af55897138ec48/pages/index.tsx"
/>

### Deploy to Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the
[Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new) from the creators of Next.js. If you
have never deployed on Vercel, check out the
[Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more
details. Deploying the app is easy. Ensure that your build works by running

```
npm run build
```

Then, set up your [Vercel](https://vercel.com/) account and create a new app.
You will need to configure your
[Ory Cloud Project SDK URL](https://www.ory.sh/docs/concepts/services-api) or
the URL of your self-hosted Ory Kratos instance in your Vercel deployment:

![Add Ory Cloud SDK URL to Vercel](/images/articles/auth-react-next-vercel/vercel-env-var.png)

By the way! If you want to use separate Ory Kratos deployments for staging,
production, and development then use different SDK URLs for the different
environments by un/selecting the checkboxes in the Vercel UI:

![Use a development project for development Vercel](/images/articles/auth-react-next-vercel/vercel-dev.png)

![Use a production project for production Vercel](/images/articles/auth-react-next-vercel/vercel-prod.png)

If you want to call Ory Cloud's Admin APIs from your Next.js Edge serverless
functions, optionally set up the
[Ory Personal Access Token](https://www.ory.sh/docs/guides/create-personal-access-token):

![Connect Vercel with Ory Personal Access Token](/images/articles/auth-react-next-vercel/vercel-secret.png)

Next all you need to do is to run the deploy command and connect it to the
project you created:

```
npx vercel deploy --prod
```

This also works with Vercel PR Preview!

## End-to-End Tests

Adding end-to-end tests is also easy! Clone the repository and run the following
commands:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/ory/kratos-nextjs-react-example.git
cd kratos-nextjs-react-example
npm i
```

Then, depending on your setup, you can either use Ory Kratos local or deployed
in Ory Cloud:

```shell
export ORY_KRATOS_URL=https://playground.projects.oryapis.com/
```

Then, build and start the server

```shell
npm run dev
```

and in a new shell run the end-to-end tests:

```
npm run test:dev
```

You can find the full spec file in the `cypress/integration/pages.spec.js` file:

<CodeFromRemote
  lang="js"
  src="https://github.com/ory/kratos-nextjs-react-example/blob/master/cypress/integration/pages.spec.js"
/>

The GitHub Action file is also straight forward and contains two configurations,
one for running Ory Kratos locally and one for running Ory Kratos in Ory Cloud:

<CodeFromRemote
  lang="js"
  src="https://github.com/ory/kratos-nextjs-react-example/blob/master/.github/workflows/test.yml"
/>

## Conclusion

Adding login and registration to your Next.js app is a breeze with open source
technology like [Ory Kratos](https://github.com/ory/kratos) and
[Next.js](https://nextjs.org/).

We hope you enjoyed this guide and found it helpful! If you have any questions,
check out the Ory community on [Slack](https://slack.ory.sh/) and
[GitHub](https://github.com/ory/kratos/discussions)!

Commit message:

fix: add video+deploy button to blogpost (#432)
Co-authored-by: aeneasr <3372410+aeneasr@users.noreply.github.com>

src/markdown/blog/kratos-react.mdx, after:

---
path: '/login-spa-react-nextjs-authentication-example-api-open-source/'

title: |
  Add Authentication to your Next.js / React Single Page Application (SPA)

teaser: |
  Add login, registration, user and profile management to Next.js Single Page Applications
  in minutes using the ORY Kratos open source project. Includes code examples for TypeScript
  and Docker, and end-to-end tests!

seo:
  title: |
    Authentication for Next.js / React Single Page Applications
  description: |
    Add open source login to any Next.js and React single page app (SPA) using free open source.
  keywords: |
    login, auth, authentication, registration, reactjs, vercel, nextjs, react, spa, single page app, native desktop,
    open source, ory, ory kratos

publishedAt: '2021-11-08'
author: aeneasr

overline: |
  Next.js React Authentication
---

Add authentication and user management to your [Next.js](https://nextjs.org)
[React](https://reactjs.org) app using the new
[Next.js Edge Runtime](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-reference/edge-runtime) and
the [Ory Kratos open source project](https://github.com/ory/kratos)! This
example also contains end-to-end tests! To deploy the full and working project, hit the button:

[![Deploy](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fory%2Fkratos-nextjs-react-example&env=ORY_SDK_URL&envDescription=Set%20the%20URL%20where%20your%20Ory%20Identity%20Service%20(e.g.%20Ory%20Cloud%20%2F%20Ory%20Kratos)%20is%20running.%20Defaults%20to%20%22https%3A%2F%2Fplayground.projects.oryapis.com%2F%22.%20For%20more%20information%20go%20to%20the%20docs%3A%20https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ory.sh%2Fdocs%2Fconcepts%2Fservices-api.&envLink=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ory.sh%2Fdocs%2Fconcepts%2Fservices-api&redirect-url=https%3A%2F%2Fconsole.ory.sh%2F)

If you like watching videos instead of reading text, watch Vincent's video tutorial!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ueEAoTQ-CTo

## Ory Kratos Open Source Identity Platform

[Ory Kratos](https://github.com/ory/kratos) is a full-featured, free, and open
source authentication and identity management platform. It supports multi-factor
authentication with
[FIDO2, TOTP, and OTP](https://www.ory.sh/kratos/docs/next/two-factor-authentication-2fa-mfa/);
[Social Sign In](https://www.ory.sh/kratos/docs/next/guides/sign-in-with-github-google-facebook-linkedin/),
[custom identity models](https://www.ory.sh/kratos/docs/next/concepts/identity-schema/);
registration, profile management, account recovery, administrative user
management and so much more! In contrast to other identity systems,
[Ory Kratos](https://github.com/ory/kratos) enables you to build your own
[login](https://github.com/ory/kratos-selfservice-ui-react-nextjs/blob/master/pages/login.tsx),
[registration](https://github.com/ory/kratos-selfservice-ui-react-nextjs/blob/master/pages/ui/registration.tsx),
[account settings](https://github.com/ory/kratos-selfservice-ui-react-nextjs/blob/master/pages/ui/settings.tsx),
[account verification](https://github.com/ory/kratos-selfservice-ui-react-nextjs/blob/master/pages/ui/verification.tsx)
(e.g. email, phone, activate account),
[account verification](https://github.com/ory/kratos-selfservice-ui-react-nextjs/blob/master/pages/ui/recovery.tsx)
(e.g. reset password) user interfaces and user flows using dead-simple APIs.
This guide focuses on integrating with Ory Kratos' session and login APIs. If
you are interested in building your own UI, check out
[Add Custom Login, Registration, User Settings to Your Next.js & React Single Page Application (SPA)](/nextjs-authentication-spa-custom-flows-open-source)

Before we start, let's get some terminology out of the way:

- At Ory, identity can mean any actor in a system (user, robot, service account,
  ...). The term `user` always refers to a human being sitting in front of a
  browser or mobile app.
- A session refers to a user's session in a browser or mobile app after they
  have authenticated.
- Self-Service refers to flows the user can do on their own - such as login,
  registration, and so on. It does not require administrative / support
  intervention.

## Next.js Authentication with Ory Kratos

If you want to see a live demo right away, check out
[this app in action](https://kratos-nextjs-react-example.vercel.app).

import CodeFromRemote from '../../components/freestanding/utils/codefromremote'

You can find the source code for this guide on
[GitHub](https://github.com/ory/kratos-nextjs-react-example). To give it a spin,
clone it and run the following commands:

<video autoplay muted loop playsInline>
  <source
    src="/images/articles/auth-react-next-vercel/app.mp4"
    type="video/mp4"
  />
  <source
    src="/images/articles/auth-react-next-vercel/app.webm"
    type="video/webm"
  />
</video>

```bash
git clone https://github.com/ory/kratos-nextjs-react-example.git
cd kratos-nextjs-react-example
npm i
```

Per default, this app uses the public playground deployment of Ory Kratos at
`https://playground.projects.oryapis.com`. To use it, simply run:

```
npm run dev
```

If you want to use your own Ory Kratos instance, you can use the `ORY_KATOS_URL`
or `ORY_SDK_URL` environment variable. The easiest way to run Ory Kratos is in
an [Ory Cloud Project](https://www.ory.sh/docs/start-building/create-project)
_(free for developers)_! In that case, set the `ORY_SDK_URL` to your
[project's SDK url](https://www.ory.sh/docs/concepts/services-api):

```
# If you run Ory Kratos in Ory Cloud:
export ORY_SDK_URL=https://my-project.projects.oryapis.com
```

You may also run Ory Kratos yourself. A quick way to get started is to run the
Ory Kratos Docker quickstart:

```shell
git clone --depth 1 --branch master https://github.com/ory/kratos.git
cd kratos
git checkout master
git pull -ff
docker-compose -f quickstart.yml -f contrib/quickstart/kratos/cloud/quickstart.yml up --build --force-recreate -d
```

In that case, set the `ORY_SDK_URL` to your local Ory Kratos instance:

```shell
# If you run Ory Kratos locally using the Docker quick start:
export ORY_KRATOS_URL=http://localhost:4455/

# Start the app
npm run dev
```

Next head over to [http://localhost:3000/](http://localhost:3000/) to see the
app in action with login, registration - a working user management!

## Create a Next.js Single Page App with Ory Kratos from Scratch

To add login / auth to your Next.js app, first create a new Next.js project

```shell
npx create-next-app@latest --typescript
```

and install the Ory Kratos SDK as well as Ory's NodeJS integration helpers

```shell
npm i --save @ory/integrations @ory/kratos-client
```

Then we will add Ory's Next.js Edge-Integration helpers to our project, which
will act as a tunnel to Ory Kratos. You can either conveniently copy this route
from our reference application

```shell
curl -o "pages/api/.ory/[...paths].ts" --create-dirs \
  https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ory/kratos-nextjs-react-example/master/pages/api/.ory/%5B...paths%5D.ts
```

or manually create a file called `pages/api/.ory/[...paths].js` in your NextJS
project and copy the following contents:

<CodeFromRemote
  lang="js"
  src="https://github.com/ory/kratos-nextjs-react-example/blob/master/pages/api/.ory/%5B...paths%5D.ts"
/>

### Add the Ory Kratos SDK to your Next.js App

Great, now you have a NextJS app with a login route. If the user is
authenticated we want to show the session. If the user is not signed in, we want
to offer a way to sign up or sign in! Let's take a look at the home page. First,
we need to add the Ory Kratos SDK to our Next.js app:

<CodeFromRemote
  lang="js"
  src="https://github.com/ory/kratos-nextjs-react-example/blob/666010a08f2839ad050624219e829eda075ef4ab/pages/index.tsx"
  startAt="from '@ory/kratos-client'"
  endAt={'const kratos = new '}
/>

Easy, right? The package `@ory/integrations` takes care of all the heavy lifting
for you and sets up the SDK so that it connects with the Next.js Edge function
we created in the step prior.

### React Hook to Find Out if a User is Authenticated

Next let's figure out if the user is authenticated. We will use a React Hook to
check this. We also want to track any errors that may happen as well as creating
a logout url.

<CodeFromRemote
  lang="js"
  src="https://github.com/ory/kratos-nextjs-react-example/blob/666010a08f2839ad050624219e829eda075ef4ab/pages/index.tsx"
  startAt="const Home: NextPage"
  endAt={'setSession(session)'}
/>

### Adding Login and Registration Links if the User is Not Authenticated

Let's also show the user a login and registration link if the user has no login
session yet

<CodeFromRemote
  lang="js"
  src="https://github.com/ory/kratos-nextjs-react-example/blob/235c1fa39511f60cdf9bb19201af55897138ec48/pages/index.tsx"
  startAt="const SignedOut = () => ("
  endAt={'</>'}
/>

or the account settings and logout link if the user is authenticated!

<CodeFromRemote
  lang="js"
  src="https://github.com/ory/kratos-nextjs-react-example/blob/235c1fa39511f60cdf9bb19201af55897138ec48/pages/index.tsx"
  startAt="        <p className={styles.description}>"
  endAt={'         ) : ('}
/>

As you can see, it is really easy to initialize login, registration, and profile
updates. Just create a link!

- `<a href="/api/.ory/self-service/login/browser">` will initialize the login
  flow.
- `<a href="/api/.ory/self-service/registration/browser">` will initialize the
  registration flow.
- `<a href="/api/.ory/self-service/settings/browser">` will initialize the
  account settings flow (needs login).
- `<a href="/api/.ory/self-service/verification/browser">` will initialize the
  (email, phone, ...) verification flow.
- `<a href="/api/.ory/self-service/recovery/browser">` will initialize the
  (password, 2fa, ...) recovery flow.

### Adding a Logout Link for Authenticated Users

To prevent certain types of attack vectors, such as Denial of Service, Ory
Kratos provides a secure logout mechanism. This involves first fetching a logout
URL from the Ory Kratos API and then redirecting the user to that URL if logout
is requested:

<CodeFromRemote
  lang="js"
  src="https://github.com/ory/kratos-nextjs-react-example/blob/666010a08f2839ad050624219e829eda075ef4ab/pages/index.tsx"
  startAt="        // Since we have a session"
  endAt={'          })'}
/>

If we do not bind the logout URL to the user's session, it means that anyone
could load e.g. an image with the logout URL and logout the user without user
interaction:

```html
<img src="https://www.example.org/my-vulnerable-logout-command" />
```

Ory Kratos protects you from these type of attacks with the flow shown above.

### Putting it all Together

You've made it! Clone the app and try it out right now!

```bash
git clone https://github.com/ory/kratos-nextjs-react-example.git
cd kratos-nextjs-react-example
npm i
```

Or look at the code we wrote above in full below:

<CodeFromRemote
  lang="js"
  src="https://github.com/ory/kratos-nextjs-react-example/blob/235c1fa39511f60cdf9bb19201af55897138ec48/pages/index.tsx"
/>

### Deploy to Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the
[Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new) from the creators of Next.js. If you
have never deployed on Vercel, check out the
[Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more
details. Deploying the app is easy. Ensure that your build works by running

```
npm run build
```

Then, set up your [Vercel](https://vercel.com/) account and create a new app.
You will need to configure your
[Ory Cloud Project SDK URL](https://www.ory.sh/docs/concepts/services-api) or
the URL of your self-hosted Ory Kratos instance in your Vercel deployment:

![Add Ory Cloud SDK URL to Vercel](/images/articles/auth-react-next-vercel/vercel-env-var.png)

By the way! If you want to use separate Ory Kratos deployments for staging,
production, and development then use different SDK URLs for the different
environments by un/selecting the checkboxes in the Vercel UI:

![Use a development project for development Vercel](/images/articles/auth-react-next-vercel/vercel-dev.png)

![Use a production project for production Vercel](/images/articles/auth-react-next-vercel/vercel-prod.png)

If you want to call Ory Cloud's Admin APIs from your Next.js Edge serverless
functions, optionally set up the
[Ory Personal Access Token](https://www.ory.sh/docs/guides/create-personal-access-token):

![Connect Vercel with Ory Personal Access Token](/images/articles/auth-react-next-vercel/vercel-secret.png)

Next all you need to do is to run the deploy command and connect it to the
project you created:

```
npx vercel deploy --prod
```

This also works with Vercel PR Preview!

## End-to-End Tests

Adding end-to-end tests is also easy! Clone the repository and run the following
commands:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/ory/kratos-nextjs-react-example.git
cd kratos-nextjs-react-example
npm i
```

Then, depending on your setup, you can either use Ory Kratos local or deployed
in Ory Cloud:

```shell
export ORY_KRATOS_URL=https://playground.projects.oryapis.com/
```

Then, build and start the server

```shell
npm run dev
```

and in a new shell run the end-to-end tests:

```
npm run test:dev
```

You can find the full spec file in the `cypress/integration/pages.spec.js` file:

<CodeFromRemote
  lang="js"
  src="https://github.com/ory/kratos-nextjs-react-example/blob/master/cypress/integration/pages.spec.js"
/>

The GitHub Action file is also straight forward and contains two configurations,
one for running Ory Kratos locally and one for running Ory Kratos in Ory Cloud:

<CodeFromRemote
  lang="js"
  src="https://github.com/ory/kratos-nextjs-react-example/blob/master/.github/workflows/test.yml"
/>

## Conclusion

Adding login and registration to your Next.js app is a breeze with open source
technology like [Ory Kratos](https://github.com/ory/kratos) and
[Next.js](https://nextjs.org/).

We hope you enjoyed this guide and found it helpful! If you have any questions,
check out the Ory community on [Slack](https://slack.ory.sh/) and
[GitHub](https://github.com/ory/kratos/discussions)!
