---
path: '/ory-manifesto/'

title: >
  The Ory Manifesto

seo:
  description: >
    A distillation of the key beliefs that underpin Ory as an organization.
  title: >
    The Ory Manifesto

publishedAt: '2021-12-08'
author: oryteam
overline: >
  The Ory ethos, in a nutshell.

category: Blog post

teaser: >
  A distillation of the key beliefs that underpin Ory as an organization.
---

## The Ory Manifesto

## What We Believe

Ory is more than a company; it is a community in which we create meaningful
products that we care about. The people behind Ory share a set of beliefs about
how to grow a business, work together, and participate in something that is more
than "just a job." We don't work for the sake of working, but to create
something of substance together. Our company culture is based on a flat
hierarchy and mutual trust. As a community, we adhere to the following
principles:

## Open Source

Ory creates open source products, meaning that anyone can make a contribution.
Open source is an artisan creation model. New hires are encouraged to make
improvements to the software on day one. We operate as an inclusive meritocracy
in which people are rewarded for the value that they create, regardless of their
title. We are transparent. We rely on a willingness to share knowledge and teach
each other.

## Passion for Product

We are first and foremost a product-centric company where we create exceptional
products that exhibit a high degree of usability for a broad number of users.
Our products create utility, simplify work processes and improve our customers
capability. We are motivated not just by customer satisfaction with the product
but also our own.

## Self-Governance

Ory team members self-govern. We cultivate a flat hierarchy and trust each other
to make key decisions (that make sense in one's context). Transparent, frequent
and clear communication is very important. We ask for a high degree of
self-awareness and self-motivation. We expect team members to learn from failure
and to avoid repeating mistakes.

## Ask for What You Need

We give people the tools they need to produce their best work. We do not use
manipulative motivational schemes to try to coax out high-quality performances.
Instead, we offer outcome-oriented remuneration for those who have made a
considerable economic impact at Ory.

## Leadership

Everyone at Ory aspires to be a leader in what they do. A good leader is someone
who inspires and helps people to achieve their full potential. Ory company
leadership walks the walk: they have a clear vision about what Ory stands for
and communicates this with their actions.

## Forward Thinking Open Source

We aspire to change the way open source collaboration works. We are developing
ways to remunerate open source contributors who make an impact on our products,
thus rewarding valuable work and incentivizing more collaboration. We work with
the community to innovate forward-thinking approaches to artistic creation and
reward systems.
