src/markdown/jobs/sre.mdx, before:

---
published: true
path: '/jobs/systems-reliability-engineering/'
title: 'Systems Reliability Engineer'
metaTitle: 'Open Site Reliability Careers at Ory'
metaDescription: 'Read the Site Reliability Engineering job description'
lastUpdatedAt: 'August 8, 2021'
description:
  'Combine your software and systems engineering skills to build and run
  large-scale, massively distributed, and fault-tolerant systems with us.'
location: 'Munich, Germany or Remote'
position: 'Full-Time'
---

## Systems Reliability Engineer

We believe that today's "digital identity" is fundamentally flawed. There are
too many profiles, registration screens, passwords, privacy violations, data
leaks, phishing attacks, and data mining operations out there. Our vision is to
make the internet more secure and private with better software, open-source, and
open knowledge.

Ory is the largest open-source authentication and authorization (login,
registration, MFA, permissions, OAuth2) ecosystem and community in the world. We
develop open-source software and use it to build a scalable, easy-to-use, and
secure cloud platform. You will work on one of the industry's most important
code-bases, having a positive impact on hundreds of millions of people
worldwide.

### Overview

- **Position type:** Full time
- **Location**: Munich, Germany / Remote (Timezone CET ± 3H)
- **Components**: Ory Cloud Console, Ory Open Source

### What You'll Do

- Engage in and improve the whole lifecycle of services — from inception and
  design through to deployment, operation and refinement.
- Support services before they go live through activities such as system design
  consulting, developing software platforms and frameworks, capacity planning,
  and launch reviews.
- Maintain services once they are live by measuring and monitoring availability,
  latency, and overall system health.
- Scale systems through mechanisms like automation; evolve systems by pushing
  for changes that improve reliability and velocity.
- Practice sustainable incident response and blameless postmortems.

### We’re looking for someone who has

- A bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a related technical field involving
  systems engineering.
- Experience with Unix/Linux operating systems internals and administration
  (e.g., filesystems, inodes, system calls) or networking (e.g., TCP/IP,
  routing, network topologies).
- Experience analyzing and troubleshooting systems.
- Motivation to debug, optimize code, automate routine tasks, and design
  large-scale distributed systems.

### What’s it like to work at Ory?

Ory is an engineering company with a high degree of freedom and autonomy. You
will work with experienced, helpful, and talented peers who all share a deep
passion for software.

Ory is just starting and there are countless opportunities and constant work in
progress. We support each other in our curiosity and creativity which we pursue
through thoughtful discussion, transparency, and knowledge-sharing among a
diverse set of peers and colleagues. We want to work in a company of warm,
inclusive people who treat their colleagues exceptionally well.

We are looking for people with passion, curiosity, and integrity. You're
encouraged to apply even if your experience does not precisely match the job
description. Your skills and curiosity will stand out and set you apart.

Interested? Drop us a short introductory email to
[jobs@ory.sh](mailto:jobs@ory.sh) and please make sure to include a link to your
GitHub profile.

Commit message:

feat: de-dupe jobs postings content (#359)
Co-authored-by: John <jfcurran@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Vincent <vincent@ory.sh>

src/markdown/jobs/sre.mdx, after:

---
published: true
path: '/jobs/systems-reliability-engineering/'
title: 'Systems Reliability Engineer'
metaTitle: 'Open Site Reliability Careers at Ory'
metaDescription: 'Read the Site Reliability Engineering job description'
lastUpdatedAt: 'August 8, 2021'
description:
  'Combine your software and systems engineering skills to build and run
  large-scale, massively distributed, and fault-tolerant systems with us.'
location: 'Munich, Germany or Remote'
position: 'Full-Time'
---

import { About, Dev, WorkAtOry } from './shared'

## Systems Reliability Engineer

<About />
<Dev />

### Overview

- **Position type:** Full time
- **Location**: Munich, Germany / Remote (Timezone CET ± 3H)
- **Components**: Ory Cloud Console, Ory Open Source

### What You'll Do

- Engage in and improve the whole lifecycle of services — from inception and
  design through to deployment, operation and refinement.
- Support services before they go live through activities such as system design
  consulting, developing software platforms and frameworks, capacity planning,
  and launch reviews.
- Maintain services once they are live by measuring and monitoring availability,
  latency, and overall system health.
- Scale systems through mechanisms like automation; evolve systems by pushing
  for changes that improve reliability and velocity.
- Practice sustainable incident response and blameless postmortems.

### We’re looking for someone who has

- A bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a related technical field involving
  systems engineering.
- Experience with Unix/Linux operating systems internals and administration
  (e.g., filesystems, inodes, system calls) or networking (e.g., TCP/IP,
  routing, network topologies).
- Experience analyzing and troubleshooting systems.
- Motivation to debug, optimize code, automate routine tasks, and design
  large-scale distributed systems.

### What’s it like to work at Ory

<WorkAtOry />
